I loved you and never questioned what the reason why was, and I still do.
What's the meaning being left behind?
Where do I go when I wonder?
Was it fun to try?
And was it even worth it as I'm questioning the reasons why?

Clouds are being fortified, brewing in the distance, seeming ominous.
All around me open skies, kisses on my skin, or is it wind from all directions?
Open oval eyes, watching my clothes tumble dry, back into my body, feeling so benign.
I want to cry.
I may need something slight to fill this hole inside.
If it's raining, I just hope the droplets stay their time.
The way I treated you was flawed, and I apologize.
I prayed to Goddess, and she told me it's gonna be all right.
The ones in heaven know I finally found my peace of mind.
Beloved, may I ask you what's the reason being left behind?
I've been deserted by ones who promised to be my ride.
Stepped in wonder, the fragments of soul I lost to find, melancholic beauty in this laundromat, all sanctified.
It's up the road where they want you to fears or dare defy.
I'm waving to passerby, basket of peaches and skating high, making way to the park.

My inner child is a crow and a hawk, screeching a squawk, graffiti artist in training with chalk, scribbling treasures, imagination in motion, a couple in conversation in front of a wooden bench, jetty marked, saying stop to look around.
He whispers soft and simple sounds as he drowns within the background of another petty argument.
Thoughts and prayers on me and this Ollie.
I need confidence.
Got it now, I'm kicking flips, broken basket with sheepeaches, ankles bruising, slip aside before the laughter.
At least I tried.
Life is do or die.
Whether landing on my board or falling off again, I'm just glad I'm feeling something, life in all its offerings, scuffing up my palms now I'm remembering nostalgia when she starts to hit, flower child drawing on whatever just because I do it all for him, noticing that chalk again, a color to these melodies, a meadow to my gentle breeze, toes in the leaves talking to trees picking pigeon peas, one deep breath into a slow release.

I've melted once and returned to the punish blind this ancestry of mine, of both beyond our borrowed time, tension in my body dissolving the way that waves reside, savoring these moments assured of the shells we leave behind.
Everyone one of a kind, loving heart is open wide.
From the earth and fated to return a steady pulverize.
How can life fulfill me knowing in the end we all will die?
I really wonder why.
Maybe we're all fractalized, woman and man made to quantum size and multiplied more than what any mortal could quantify, facing the same mirror just different sides materialize.
Please let the plaque of our flower field read here resides.
The mysterious quest of a spirit's butterfly as bumblebees and birds bask in the sun, so we rise.
One deep breath into the infinite.

I'm comfortable with cruising past the exit sign, crossing yellow lines from the turnpike to 95 under every overpass, gas receipt left behind, intuition navigating, we don't need no GPS.
I'm making way on escape from this state of mind.
The question being, how do I escape from a state of mind?
Never enough time to question this roller coaster's descending as bodies begin to flail.
What's the meaning in a paper trail leaving notes behind?
If suits and uniformed informers one day surely find, check receipts and pass them up to their governments, readily tallying, taking cuts of it, pizza pie.
I get my coin and spend it easily, raving isn't as easy as sacrificing TV on summer nights, Jamaican dollars when honey buns went for 29, and whole families gathered round to paint your open sign.
Storehouse in the city, they sell them two for five and maybe 29 cents off if you super-size.
Ain't no telling what a man will do for dollar signs.
Real wealth is love and connection, come on, let's monetize.
I love you and never had to question why.
To my beloved in wanderlust and darkness, you cannot see the stars while the sun is out.
Embrace that which you are.
